 Hi, my name is Justin Heffing. I'm a father of three girls. I live in Virginia Beach, Virginia. I have a bachelor's degree in Computer Science and I worked alongside my master's alongside my CS degree and graduated in three years. I've run 20 years of multi-disciplinary experience in Microsoft Consulting and Development that covers Azure 365 dynamics and have done dozens of integration from the external systems and cloud services. I've an expert cloud architect from infrastructure and solution standpoint as well as running a hands-on deep dive developer as well. For the last six years I've been focused on AI infrastructure and solutions using agente engineering tools and to develop multi-aging systems. I've been working with semantic kernel, Microsoft Easy framework, co-pilot and ADN for an automation tools and of course, codex and flawed. I've held AI positions and tech and sales. I've been a senior pre-sales solution architect responsible for AI and DevOps. I've had two senior level architect roles, both building multi-tenant cloud pass-insass, you know AI solutions, leveraging the zork boundary, Cosmos database, and APM kind of as the backbone. I'm going to be reviewing for a position with Solomon Page Professional Services and I'm very eager to learn about the opportunity when they explain why this feels like a brain of the table making a profit. I'm building a clean application. So, you know, the initial approach is obviously going to be the architecture design. So understanding, you know, the technology is figuring out the stack. You know, figuring out what constraints are involved is very important. So, you know, I'm even coming, you know, first seek to understand. So that's, you know, the first thing that I do is understanding into architectural design. The data obviously can be done understand data is, you know, critical, especially the AI systems, the most important aspects, making sure the data is good to clean. So, any type of data pipeline that would have to be built, whether that was, you know, what is the orientation, you know, leveraging data factory or, you know, service plus technologies, you know, we have to, you know, integrate the data and the models obviously also important understanding, you know, the domain business models. And then the age or registration pattern, you know, is obviously very critical to a system like that as well. I have a leverage day, number of different architectural design patterns for a regional, regional orchestration and I've actually built a large repository of that information. Design patterns that I both manually review and have an AI search capability hooked up to for doing those type of designs. APIs and service and scalability. You know, from that standpoint, you know, that, you know, start to do, you know, networking layers, you know, for an API standpoint, I'm a big advocate of APM, you know, Microsoft's, you know, as we're a guy management service and leveraging that take it capability, you know, if you can extend that, you know, it's both in service to rate that. Where is this movie, most of the idea of fail? I think the AI testing, so you know, doing the AP testing and, you know, having a, you know, like a prom flow text system to be able to test out proms. I mean, that's really where, you know, this is really failures, but, you know, failures, you know, I'm not necessarily always failures, but that's a, you know, primary failure point is I'm just like what you're sending to the AI, not realizing that, and to get the breakfast response. I think I just discussed a prompt flow, so, you know, prompt engineering and, you know, concept engineering is critical, you know, the information that you get to the AI is, you know, again, it's most important. The information you get to the AI and the management of the context window of that AI are kind of the most important parts. So, you know, increasing the system over time, you know, it's just like prompt flow that allow you to, you know, kind of continuously refine your prompt engineering. That's, you know, when it's improved. There's also that number of monitoring technologies that, you know, could be hooked up from, you know, starting with kind of, you know, is normal, or being able to, you know, the longer, you know, what that the AI is to doing, from it, you know, took in the utilization standpoint. You know, the specific example, you know, the trade-off between the model accuracy, latency, reliability and infrastructure cost. I do a lot of agentic development, and that's one area where, you know, the trade-offs are, you know, kind of really obvious. You know, right now I run a, you know, I typically like to run three different models. When I do agentic development, you know, kind of a, you know, thinking, planning, you know, premier model, you know, kind of a mid-level workforce model. And then, you know, a, you know, a, you know, chief of model that I'd deeply, you know, would be used for, you know, food commenting and things like that. And, you know, for the development portions of it, the same type of lessons applied to production scale environments as well. You know, you don't want to use a frontier model, you know, a top line for everything where your cost, you're going to be, you know, a few of the roof. So, you know, choosing the right model, you know, is definitely a, you know, critical for, you know, the production environments. You don't want to go to low, obviously, but you want to make sure that especially for the planning and complex thinking, you know, use the premier model here. Testing, lots of testing. So, you know, with the AI powered systems and leveraging of, like, agentic coding tools, I think one of the most often over what things that's human testing. And the AI does a great job, you know, creating a test harnesses and you know, excuse me, it's test, really digitally. And, you know, human testing efforts are incredibly important to ensure that the platforms ready. And, you know, I guess it really depends on the platforms specifically in terms of when it metrics behaviors and signals, you know, to really understand what kind of that, you know, the data flow. I mean, I would say that, you know, to start, you know, just basic logging, you know, requirements that, you know, integrating in, you know, log tools into whatever applications that's going to be able to still critical aspect. Then, configuring your Azure model of the rentals. And, you know, for, you know, modern for those. And then from, you know, a single standpoint. Really, I think, to matter of monitoring those logs and you know, sitting at the right modern tools. So I've done a lot of share playing presentations in the past and I've done that's probably the best example that I can give. So I worked on a large share point that platform for logistics. It was used by like the red cross, some to like coordinate, repeat that words. And the usage was very, very unexpected. In that particular case, it turned out that this used more as a communications portal. And actually go back to the logistics communication. As opposed to just a kind of a pinpoint drop of, you know, automatically, that, you know, the, you know, the responders to the particular emergency. So it turned more into a, you know, a communications type portal, which was a lot different. That was initially planned. I mean, unfortunately, the share point architecture, you know, at least at the time was on prem and able to, you know, extend it by adding additional web front ends. Can I, I definitely knew rapidly evolving it's, uh, because, uh, been, it's been amazing to see how fast the technologies progressed over the last six years since the release of GPT 4.0. And I, but up I watched hundreds and hundreds of hours of YouTube is my primary driver for, for learning and exploring technologies. And that, of course, you know, all of the, uh, new tools and techniques, I then, you know, uh, you know, just to down the computer and test out. So I've tested out dozens of, uh, of tools. And I guess most frequently, there are most recently would be a co-based memory, which is a graphing tool used to do tokens and navigate the agency or co-based. Um, that just a recently evaluated that and integrated into my development environment. Um, practicing things most good. Right, learn to do it. Decide it to learn. I would like to get more into the Google technologies base. I've spent a lot of time with the Microsoft technologies, some antipurral agent framework. I'd like to see, uh, some of the, uh, new tools are, uh, formerly for text technologies and go, uh, get into that space. Um, I am a general, so when it comes to industries, uh, I've done consulting for, uh, either run a consulting company or a part of a consulting organization for, uh, you can enjoy it by career. Uh, those organizations really haven't specialized as much around the particular industry. Uh, the vertical, it's been mostly technology, vertical, uh, in the diagnostic. Um, so I have worked with a ton of different industries, uh, both in healthcare and finance as well. Um, for finished standpoint, I've done some work for cherrybacker, uh, on the, uh, the little control coral systems. Uh, you know, from the healthcare standpoint, uh, I've done, uh, worked with a, uh, a mayor group, uh, when you cross the shield. Um, and I know there's at least one other health organization. Uh, uh, uh, uh, genuity, um, which is a, uh, start a company that was building a, uh, key ask type technology, uh, to take a bite also to get built to in the, uh, your waves and the temperature, kind of sat down with the asking field out your registration. Uh, and then I integrated that back in with a, about a million line code base, uh, that, uh, stored healthcare information. Um, uh, you know, pop up, uh, and it also did payments, uh, you know, processing for the intake for the patients as well. So there was, you know, additional regulations of all that. You know, if you second glance, I'm gonna knock you off. I'm happy I got that. Yeah. And before we go approach, I would, that's a really hard question. You know, I would say if I'd be to drop me into your environment, the first thing I'd do is attempt to learn. You know, I'm big on, you know, first, seek to understand. So, you know, before I really determined what I would have to do in assessment of the environment and determine what the, you know, the best use dates for the organization of the day. You know, from a, you know, wealth management, you know, standpoint, you know, the AI advisor that, you know, assisted users, you know, to, you know, to keep their financial, you know, poor boy, those up to date, you know, maybe, I did some reconciliation. So, you know, you know, quick books. There's, I guess there's a lot of avenues that we approach in that particular environment. Um, a recent project built was a project club called Virginia Law, the AI. Um, it was, it's a multi-aging system for a healing AI for divorce arbitration. Um, primarily targeting the emical divorces, which was a, is a better use case to kind of scarred the versus contested stuff, you know, initially for, for that particular application in leverage, web RTC for real time interacted by Wies counseling. So, they actually had a guy in the agent that would guide you through, kind of, you know, a, so I can put its process of, you know, collecting all the discovery materials and information that, you know, require for the case. And then actually, you know, arbitrates, any type of speech for the parties. Um, it was agent framework for the orchestration, you know, web assembly, you know, the phraseer for the user interface. Um, it had a, had a 30 agent, uh, a copilot back in. That was integrated with it. Uh, of course, we built, uh, you know, a handful of tools to, you know, support, uh, you know, and kind of proper, you know, document construction. Uh, it's gotten a lot better recently with, uh, you know, copilot has the ability to, you know, actually produce like, we're documents, but at the time, it's kind of kind of flaky in terms of how it could stuff together. So, you know, we built for an MCB server and document server, kind of a, we will snap a hint to, to make sure that, uh, documents were structured correctly. Um, biggest challenge for that was just, like I said, giving copilot functional with a document in a sub way. Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,